Oadp 1488 oadp 1 1 4 release notes hvider (#60136)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oadp-release-notes-1-1-4.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-release-notes.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-oadp-release-notes-1-1-4_{context}"]
= OADP 1.1.4 release notes

The OADP 1.1.4 release notes lists any new features, resolve issues and bugs, and known issues.

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion: resolved issues

[id="resolved-issues1.1.4_{context}"]
== Fixed bugs

The following bugs have been fixed in this release:

* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1557[OADP-1557]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1822[OADP-1822]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1511[OADP-1511]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1642[OADP-1642]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1398[OADP-1398]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1267[OADP-1267]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1390[OADP-1390]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1650[OADP-1650]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1487[OADP-1487]

[id="known-issues1.1.4_{context}"]
== Known issues

This release has the following known issues:

* Issues restoring an OADP backup, with the application unable to access data. UID / GID range may have changed on the cluster where the application has been restored, with the result that OADP does not backup and restore OpenShift UID/GID range metadata. If the backed application requires a specific UUID, ensure the range is available when restored. Workaround: Allowing OADP to create the namespace while restoring may avoid the issue.

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion:  OADP backups might fail because  a UID/GID range might have changed on the cluster where the application has been restored, with the result that OADP does not backup and restore OpenShift UID/GID range metadata. 

To avoid the issue: If the backed application requires a specific UUID, ensure the range is available before attempting to restore the application.

Additional workaround: Allow OADP to create the namespace in the restore operation.

* It is possible that the restore will fail if ArgoCD is used during the restore. This failure could be caused by a label used by ArgoCD `app.kubernetes.io/instance`. This label is used to identify which resources ArgoCD needs to manage, which can create conflict with OADP managing resources on restore. Workaround: setting `.spec.resourceTrackingMethod` on the ArgoCD YAML to `annotation+label` or `annotation`. If the issue continues to persist, then disable ArgoCD before beginning the restore, and enable when the restore has completed.

> 

Reviewer: Suggestion:  A restore might fail if ArgoCd is used during the restore, due to  a label used by ArgoCD, `app.kubernetes.io/instance`. This label identifies which resources ArgoCD needs to manage, which can create a conflict with OADP's procedure for managing resources on restore. 

Workaround:  Set `.spec.resourceTrackingMethod` on the ArgoCD YAML to `annotation+label` or `annotation`. If the issue continues to persist, then disable ArgoCD before beginning the restore, and enable it again when the restore has completed.

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-oadp-release-notes-1-1-4_{context}"]
= OADP 1.1.4 release notes

The OADP 1.1.4 release notes lists any new features, resolve issues and bugs, and known issues.

[id="new-features1.1.4_{context}"]
== New features

This version of OADP is a service release. No new features are added to this version.

[id="resolved-issues1.1.4_{context}"]
== Fixed bugs

The following bugs have been fixed in this release:

* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1557[OADP-1557]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1822[OADP-1822]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1511[OADP-1511]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1642[OADP-1642]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1398[OADP-1398]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1789[OADP-1789]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1267[OADP-1267]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1389[OADP-1389]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1390[OADP-1390]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1650[OADP-1650]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1487[OADP-1487]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1668[OADP-1668]

> * link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1503[OADP-1503]

Reviewer 2: Please remove these as it marked as not a bug/cannot reproduce.
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1503
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1789
https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1389

Author: @PrasadJoshi12 - you happy now? thanks very much

Reviewer 2: Thank you !

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * backup_and_restore/oadp-release-notes.adoc

:_content-type: REFERENCE
[id="migration-oadp-release-notes-1-1-4_{context}"]
= OADP 1.1.4 release notes

The OADP 1.1.4 release notes lists any new features, resolved issues and bugs, and known issues.

[id="new-features1.1.4_{context}"]
== New features

This version of OADP is a service release. No new features are added to this version.

[id="resolved-issues1.1.4_{context}"]
== Fixed bugs

The following bugs have been fixed in this release:

* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1557[OADP-1557]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1822[OADP-1822]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1511[OADP-1511]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1642[OADP-1642]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1398[OADP-1398]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1267[OADP-1267]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1390[OADP-1390]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1650[OADP-1650]
* link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OADP-1487[OADP-1487]

[id="known-issues1.1.4_{context}"]
== Known issues

This release has the following known issues:

> * OADP backups might fail because a UID/GID range might have changed on the cluster where the application has been restored, with the result that OADP does not back up and restore OpenShift UID/GID range metadata.

Reviewer 3: All of the lines need to be be collapsed into a single paragraph for each of the list items.
```suggestion
* OADP backups might fail because a UID/GID range might have changed on the cluster where the application has been restored, with the result that OADP does not back up and restore {product-title} UID/GID range metadata.
```

>   To avoid the issue: If the backed application requires a specific UUID, ensure the range is available when restored.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  To avoid the issue, if the backed application requires a specific UUID, ensure the range is available when restored.
```

>   Additional workaround: Allow OADP to create the namespace in the restore operation.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  Additional workaround is to allow OADP to create the namespace in the restore operation.
```

> * A restore might fail if ArgoCd is used during the restore, due to a label used by ArgoCD, `app.kubernetes.io/instance`. This label identifies which resources ArgoCD needs to manage, which can create a conflict with OADP's procedure for managing resources on restore.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* A restoration might fail if ArgoCd is used during the process due to a label used by ArgoCD, `app.kubernetes.io/instance`. This label identifies which resources ArgoCD needs to manage, which can create a conflict with OADP's procedure for managing resources on restoration.
```

>   Workaround: Set `.spec.resourceTrackingMethod` on the ArgoCD YAML to `annotation+label` or `annotation`. If the issue continues to persist, then disable ArgoCD before beginning the restore, and enable it again when the restore has completed.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To work around this issue, set the `.spec.resourceTrackingMethod` <put_a_noun_here> on the ArgoCD YAML to `annotation+label` or `annotation`. If the issue continues to persist, then disable ArgoCD before beginning to restore, and enable it again when restoration is finished.
```
